apps sc: Add cluster_permission to opensearch alerting_full_access role (#1337)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Added generation of registry password so that there's not a diff each time we run apply
- Fixed a templating error which occurs when more than one workload cluster is specified under the `global.clustersMonitoring` in the `sc-config.yaml`
- Fix `KubeletDown` alert rule, did previously not alert if a kubelet was missing.

> - Add cluster_permission to the `alerting_full_access` role in opensearch to be able to view notification channels.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
- Add permissions to the `alerting_full_access` role in Opensearch to be able to view notification channels.
```

Author: Fixed
Thx
